[Docs] Update threat score references (#22210)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/analytics/account-and-zone-analytics/threat-types.mdx

A request that came from an IP address that is not trusted by Cloudflare based on the threat score.

> Previously, a threat score represented a Cloudflare threat score from 0–100, where 0 indicates low risk. Now, the threat score is always `0` (zero).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the threat score was a score from `0` (zero risk) to `100` (high risk) classifying the IP reputation of a visitor. Currently, the threat score is always `0` (zero).
```
This mirrors the text below on the same topic
